Code	Indicator Name	Long definition	Source
EN.ATM.CO2E.PC	CO2 emissions (metric tons per capita)	Carbon dioxide emissions are those stemming from the burning of fossil fuels and the manufacture of cement. They include carbon dioxide produced during consumption of solid, liquid, and gas fuels and gas flaring.	Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center, Environmental Sciences Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Tennessee, United States.
SH.DYN.NCOM.ZS	Mortality from CVD, cancer, diabetes or CRD between exact ages 30 and 70 (%)	Mortality from CVD, cancer, diabetes or CRD is the percent of 30-year-old-people who would die before their 70th birthday from any of cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes,  or chronic respiratory disease, assuming that s/he would experience current mortality rates at every age and s/he would not die from any other cause of death (e.g., injuries or HIV/AIDS).	World Health Organization, Global Health Observatory Data Repository (http://apps.who.int/ghodata/).
SH.DTH.MORT	Number of under-five deaths	Number of children dying before reaching age five.	Estimates developed by the UN Inter-agency Group for Child Mortality Estimation (UNICEF, WHO, World Bank, UN DESA Population Division) at www.childmortality.org.
SH.H2O.BASW.ZS	People using at least basic drinking water services (% of population)	The percentage of people using at least basic water services.  This indicator encompasses both people using basic water services as well as those using safely managed water services.  Basic drinking water services is defined as drinking water from an improved source, provided collection time is not more than 30 minutes for a round trip.  Improved water sources include piped water, boreholes or tubewells, protected dug wells, protected springs, and packaged or delivered water.	WHO/UNICEF Joint Monitoring Programme (JMP) for Water Supply, Sanitation and Hygiene (washdata.org).
SH.STA.SUIC.P5	Suicide mortality rate (per 100,000 population)	Suicide mortality rate is the number of suicide deaths in a year per 100,000 population. Crude suicide rate (not age-adjusted).	World Health Organization, Global Health Observatory Data Repository (http://apps.who.int/ghodata/).
SH.IMM.MEAS	Immunization, measles (% of children ages 12-23 months)	Child immunization, measles, measures the percentage of children ages 12-23 months who received the measles vaccination before 12 months or at any time before the survey. A child is considered adequately immunized against measles after receiving one dose of vaccine.	WHO and UNICEF (http://www.who.int/immunization/monitoring_surveillance/en/).
