Code	Indicator Name	Long definition	Source
SH.XPD.GHED.GE.ZS	Domestic general government health expenditure (% of general government expenditure)	Public expenditure on health from domestic sources as a share of total public expenditure.  It indicates the priority of the government to spend on health from own domestic public resources.	World Health Organization Global Health Expenditure database (http://apps.who.int/nha/database).
SN.ITK.DFCT	Depth of the food deficit (kilocalories per person per day)	The depth of the food deficit indicates how many calories would be needed to lift the undernourished from their status, everything else being constant. The average intensity of food deprivation of the undernourished, estimated as the difference between the average dietary energy requirement and the average dietary energy consumption of the undernourished population (food-deprived), is multiplied by the number of undernourished to provide an estimate of the total food deficit in the country, which is then normalized by the total population.	Food and Agriculture Organization, Food Security Statistics.
SP.DYN.LE00.IN	Life expectancy at birth, total (years)	Life expectancy at birth indicates the number of years a newborn infant would live if prevailing patterns of mortality at the time of its birth were to stay the same throughout its life.	(1) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2017 Revision, or derived from male and female life expectancy at birth from sources such as: (2) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, (3) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, (4) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot (various years), (5) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and (6) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme.
NY.GDP.TOTL.RT.ZS	Total natural resources rents (% of GDP)	Total natural resources rents are the sum of oil rents, natural gas rents, coal rents (hard and soft), mineral rents, and forest rents.	World Bank staff estimates based on sources and methods described in "The Changing Wealth of Nations 2018: Building a Sustainable Future" (Lange et al 2018).
